In this lecture I want to show you how you could override your backpack and text.
De-evolved it always says back but sometimes you don't want to say back.
Therefore I will tell you how you can change it and I will actually show you two different approaches
of doing so.
Now for this to work we need a back button so let's generate a new page on name and users.
And this will of course at this entry we need to add this to app modules so that's at the user's page
here.
And of course all add the import and at the user's page two entry components and then in my home aged
e-mail file I will simply add a button here with iron button on it with D-Nev. push directive on it
where I want to push to the user's page and here I will simply say to users on the button as a caption.
Now the users page property here is unknown so that's added to the typescript file and that should of
course hold a reference to the user's page.
Make sure to import user's page from the user's file here in the Users folder to where we can go to
the user's page.
That's good.
You see this I already have I on Axert running here.
So let's quickly see our running application and then if I click on two users we see we were on the
users page and we get this back button.
Now I want to change this text to home let's say.
Now there are two approaches of doing so.
Let me show you the first one in the USALS page.
This is where we can change it.
Let's look at the template now.
The back button is an added to our eye nav bar.
So the first approach is all about getting access to this nav bar.
I can simply do this by the users tiers file.
I'll just clean this comment and all that stuff don't need this in this file.
By simply getting an Access Tudor's and nav bar component.
Now this is the Natcore component I on a two ships with and I can use at view child days angular to
methhead or decorator which has to be imported from an angler core which allows me to select elements
in my template.
Now I could place a reference on INFP or like this nav hash tag Nath and then simply passing nav as
a string year like this.
But since I N.F. bar is simply the nav bar component I want to do ships with.
I can also pass nav bar here as a type to be imported from my onic angular here as an argument to view
child and store this in a nav bar property this name of course is up to you and I know that it will
be of type nav bar.
Obviously this will give me access to the neth bar and then I can now go to I in view will enter let's
say when Edwards is about to become active to access my nav bar and here I have the set back button
text method and I can simply pass the text year as a string let's say home.
Now by doing this I can now save this and let's have a look at this application here once it reloads
if we now go to the users page you now see home as the text year.
So that is a super easy way of overwriting it.
As a side note you can also disable the back button like this on the nav bar.
You can also have a look at height back button here.
And set this to true now you won't see any bag.
But let me quickly demonstrate this too.
So by saving this the application will rebuild and reload and once we get there no back button that
we're stuck.
So this is the easy way of controlling the back button but it's not the only way.
The other way is to use the constructor to inject something and that something is the view controller.
We learned about this throughout the course didn't we.
So here this will be of type view controller of course and the controller needs to be imported from
ionic angler's.
Let's quickly do this controller like this.
And what's that important on that view controller.
We can execute set back button.
Text 2.
So this gives us an easy access to DNA bar basically does the same as when getting access to the the
bar ourselves.
Here we use the Wii controller which does that for you.
So that might be easier or a quicker way.
And here you also can hide the back button though.
Here it shows back button where you pass false for example.
So I'm a little bit different but again too easy and quick methods of controlling the back button.
Now I'm going to comment this out so that we can see that the renaming works by saving theirs and letting
the app reload if we now click onto users.
Here is the back button with their home label again or the caption of home.
So these are quick and easy ways of changing the appearance of your back button something you might
need in your application.
And with that I hope this was helpful to you.